=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Algorithm::Bitonic::Sort - Sorting numbers with Bitonic Sort

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.06


=cut

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Use L<Algorithm::Bitonic::Sort> with the following style.

	use Algorithm::Bitonic::Sort;
	
	my @sample = (1,4,8,4,4365,2,67,33,345);
	my @result_inc = bitonic_sort( 1 ,@sample);	# incremental
	my @result_dec = bitonic_sort( 0 ,@sample);	# decremental

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Bitonic mergesort is a parallel algorithm for sorting. It is also used as a construction method for building a sorting network.
This is an Perl 5 implementation of Ken Batcher's Bitonic mergesort.

=head1 Limitation

This is a enhanced version of Bitonic Sort which removed the limitation of original version.
This module supports any amount of numbers.

The original Bitonic can only sort N numbers, which N is a power of 2.


=head1 EXPORT

bitonic_sort


=head1 SUBROUTINES

=head2 bitonic_sort

The First Parameter works as the ascending/decreasing selector.
True (1 or any true value) means ascending (incremental),
False (0 or any false value) means decreasing.

All other params will be treated as members/items to be sorted.



=cut

=head1 AUTHOR

BlueT - Matthew Lien - 練喆明, C<< <BlueT at BlueT.org> >>


=head1 INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

Or install with cpanm

	cpanm Algorithm::Bitonic::Sort


=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to CPAN ( C<bug-algorithm-bitonic-sort at rt.cpan.org>, L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Algorithm-Bitonic-Sort> ) or GitHub (L<https://github.com/BlueT/Algorithm-Bitonic-Sort/issues>).
I will be notified, and then you'll automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.




=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc Algorithm::Bitonic::Sort


You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * RT: CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)

L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Algorithm-Bitonic-Sort>

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/Algorithm-Bitonic-Sort>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Algorithm-Bitonic-Sort>

=item * Search CPAN

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/Algorithm-Bitonic-Sort/>

=item * Launchpad

L<https://launchpad.net/p5-algorithm-bitonic-sort>

=item * GitHub

L<https://github.com/BlueT/Algorithm-Bitonic-Sort>

=back


=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item * Batcher's web page at Kent State University

L<http://www.cs.kent.edu/~batcher/>

=item * Bitonic sorter on Wikipedia

L<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitonic_sorter>

=back

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2012-2017 BlueT - Matthew Lien - 練喆明.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of either: the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; or the Artistic License.

See http://dev.perl.org/licenses/ for more information.



=cut

